Chris: Interning with Citi was a professionally formative experience for me. Through my summer with the company, I gained invaluable insights into organizational structure, cross functional team building, relationship management, and product ideation within the organization. The level of responsibility and autonomy granted to me in my work provided me the ability to actually make an impact within Citi and guide a product even though I was only there for a few months. My managers were all actively involved and helped to scale responsibilities for me across multiple spaces. This led to a dynamism in my work and a sense of achievement not limited to the scope of a single project. The people in the office truly made the experience special and allowed me to create professional and personal relationships that have endured beyond my tenure in Dallas. The program did an excellent job of having events scheduled that kindled a sense of community within the intern group. The culture of Citi was kind, welcoming to people of all persuasions, and far more casual than what I had anticipated for a bank. Within the program, a large emphasis was placed on our careers and flexibility for our lives outside of the office. The entire recruitment process, both pre and post internship, has removed pressure from decisions and allowed for me to make choices based on what is best for my career. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow yourself professionally in an environment that fosters talent and values new ideas, then think about Citi.

Jesse: As a intern I wrote the base code for an Amazon Alexa app for Citi. It was

new, fast-paced, and exciting, but the most valuable part of the internship

was people. My team was always asking "how can we take this further?". As

a group we pushed ourselves to see how much we could learn and how far we could go.

Leany: My summer at Citi as an intern was amazing! The company really tries to give you what you want and gives you the freedom of mobility to explore different roles within the company. Alongside of this, the culture and people of Citi really makes your intern experience worthwhile. I have made some lifelong friends here this summer. 

Sherriff: This past summer I was a Product Management intern at Citi. It was an experience, my favorite part of Citi is the company culture, everyone is positive and welcoming. I made many friends, with not only the other interns but also full-time employees. I looked forward to going into work every morning. I also got to be an active contributor to my team and saw the impact that my work made in completing my team's project.  
 
 
I also got to work on a side project with other interns. Our project was a recruiting application for recruiters to use while attending career fairs

Taz: The team I was on was extremely excited to have an intern, they made me feel welcomed and helped me the whole internship.
There were several networking opportunties during the whole internship whether its to other intern programs or general workers.
Everyone is friendly, you can strike a conversation up with just about anyone.

