Tommy: To say that I've learned a lot this summer is an understatement. I used the Angular framework to build a web app and designed high fidelity wireframes for our team's product, the Subject Matter Expert Finder. On top of that, I had a great team and an amazing manager who always led by example. I think one of the things that sets Citi apart the most is its people. Fellow interns and full-time employees alike were very caring, knowledgeable and always happy to help. It was definitely the people that made my summer at Citi a memorable one.

Carly: This past summer, as a Summer Analyst in the STEP1 internship program at Citi, I worked in a Product Management role for Citi’s CoBrowse tool. I was able to collaborate with members of both technology and operations teams in order to compile a list of recommendations to improve the tool and increase usage, as well as create a new training and other resource materials to teach customer service phone agents how to utilize CoBrowseeffectively. I had a great experience learning more about product management, and enjoyed working with my manager and the other interns. One of my favorite things about the culture at Citi is how welcomed I always felt, even though I was only in the office for ten weeks. Everyone seemed to be willing to teach me about their job, help me to solve challenges I was facing, and prepare me for a future career in technology in any way they could. I was excited to walk into work every day, and I am so grateful for the opportunity to take part in STEP1.

Arshad: As an inaugural member of the Citi STEP1 program, I was exposed to a wide variety of new experiences within both the technological as well as financial industries. In addition to having a great company culture, the work you do as a STEP1 intern is meaningful and gives you true insight to the day-to-day operations in your field of interest.


Rhea: My Citi Tech Internship this past summer was an all-around positive experience! It helped me
develop my technical and communication skills. I worked on a team of 6 interns to build a tool
for internal use, the Subject Matter Expert database. This tool helps employees find experts on
a wide range of topics within the company. We also got a chance to demo the tool in front of
hundreds of Citi employees who gave us tons of positive feedback.
Citi also did a great job of making us interns feel like we were part of the Citi family. We were
assigned buddies (graduates from the TLP program dubbed as our mentors) who helped us with
any questions we had. Citi hosted many fun bonding and networking events, included us on
team calls and lunches and even organized a ping pong tournament.